---
title: P001C
---

Fixes data persistence issue with OpenSearch and Redis.

## Description

We first noticed the issue that OpenSearch and Redis session data was being deleted every time it was taken out of hibernation.
As a result, the site had to be re-indexed upon each wake-up.

The root cause lies in the helper scripts that run on boot.
These scripts manage version changes for OpenSearch and Redis and are also triggered by CloudFormation (CFN) when a version update is requested.

In some cases, we need to delete persistent data to prevent compatibility issues between old data and new software versions.
However, the problem is that the current boot process clears the data without checking if a version change has actually occurred.

## Impact

- All-In-One (AIO) Servers
- Web Layer
- Redis Session Layer
- Redis Cache Layer
- OpenSearch Layer

## Changes

The following files are patched on the servers receiving the patch:

- /opt/jrc/sbin/change-search-version
- /opt/jrc/sbin/change-redis-session-version
- /opt/jrc/sbin/change-redis-cache-version

## If You Accept

During your chosen maintenance window, the patch will be applied to all targeted servers.
New Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) will be generated for each of the servers involved, and these new AMIs will be used to replace the current servers.
Downtime should be minimal and take less than 10 minutes to restore service.

## If You Reject

OpenSearch and Redis session data will continue to be deleted as a side effect every time the deployment is taken out of hibernation.
This will result in the need to re-index OpenSearch upon each wake-up and loss of session data.